surprise
it's a play-doh party learning to count
with 10 mini cans 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
[Music]
one one nine one one one one one one
it's number one two two two two two two
two two two it's number two
[Music]
three three three three three three
three three three
it's number three or four four four four
four four four four it's number four
five five five five five five five five
it's number five
[Music]
six six six six six six six six six it's
number six seven seven seven seven seven
seven seven seven seven it's number
seven
eight eight eight eight eight eight
eight eight eight
it's number eight nine nine nine nine
nine nine nine nine nine it's number
nine
[Music]
10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 it's number
head 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 it's
number 11 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12
it's number 12 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13
13 it's number 13
[Music]
14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 it's number
14 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 its number
15 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 it's
number 16 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17
it's number 17 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18
18 it's number 18
19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 s number 19
[Music]
20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 it's number
20 one two three four five six 11 12 13
14 15 16 17 18 19 20 1 2 2 3 3 3 4 4 4 4
5 5 5 5 5 6 6 6 6 6 6
seven seven seven seven seven seven
seven
hey hey hey eight nine nine nine nine
nine nine nine nine nine ten turn turn
turn turn turn turn turn turn eleven
eleven eleven eleven eleven eleven
twelve twelve twelve twelve twelve
twelve twelve thirteen thirteen 13 13 13
13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 14 14 14 14 14
14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 15 15 15 15
15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 16 16
16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16
16 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 16 17 17 17 17
17 2013 17 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18
18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 19 19 19 19
19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19
19 19 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20
20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 you are a
friends
always be counted on byebye baby big
mouth
subscribe for surprises hey
[Music]